How does Git Track changes.?
Suppose you have an empty js file, you proceed to add 
let name='Abdullah';

so how does git track that changes internally.?

for let name='Abdullah';
it does something like +let name='Abdullah';

you now removed the name making it 
name='';
So what git does is
it does something like -const name='Abdullah'
and then +const name='';

But where do we store this code.?
->Postgres, yes
->MySQL yes
but in a text file.?
yes as well...
But, user shouldnt be able to change that file as well.. that is the challenge tho 

so we dont need any db or anything of that sort thats good ig 

okay so to basically make git track your project or to have that tracking kinda file in your repo, you run the command git init

now to have a look at the files in the folder you run the ls command
but .git is a folder thats hidden so you run the ls -a command

This .git should not be tampered with 
you can tamper it tho

now tracking the changes:
-> you can go character by character
 or go line by line 
 or function by function or so on

 but the control of what to track is given to the user 
 git add <Filename>

 this makes the files changes to be ready to be tracked not tracked this is the thing to be considered

to now move those changes to .git you need the git commit -m " "

rm -rf .git to remove that folder

(USE THE CHEF BY YOUR SIDE ANALOGY THAT IS CRAZY )

git log tells about your history

git init bolto tum khaali apne baazu bawa ku bulaaleke khada kare
git add bolto tum unke saamne kuch harkat karre jo uno bas observe karre types
then git commit se uno action lete samjho 

when a commit is made 
git log tells you: (It only shows stuff upon commits )
the commit id
the author
the date
and the commit message

git status tells if the file is modified or not after the commit last made or a new file is added and changes like that

In vs code the folder with . is hidden 

git init se bas .git file banti aisa samjo jab tum padhne baithre jab ek note nikaal leke baithre
git add . ka matlab kya ki hi topics yaad karlere as in changes track karlere
git commit -m "" aisa hai jaisa tum woh changes ku save karlere .git mein as in tum notes mein likhlere

git diff tells you the difference after the previous commit if used individually

but when used with git diff <commitid1> <commitid2>
tells you the difference between the two commits

add moves things to staging area to make them ready for changes to be tracked

Each commit has an hash associated with it 
Every hash a reference of its previous hash cuz the latter hashes only have the changes 
The latest commit is known as HEAD.

git log --oneline gives you the log in one line 

How to change the last commit 
We can make a commit that reverses whats done in the last commit?
Yes to do so like last commit mein x add huwa toh usku nikaaldo and x nikalagaya toh usku add kardo
basically
git revert <last commit ka hash> ya id 
you get one more commit while having the last commit in which you might have accidentally shipped a bug

other way is to move the head back to the commit prior to the bug that was shipped
for that
git reset --hard <hash>
Here you cant go back unlike git revert 

