1) Project code grows over time.

A needs help with a feature he won't be able to implement on his own
He needs to zip it puts it in a pendrive and gives it to B
B makes the changes and hands it over back to A.

Now the issues to be faced in this approach are as follows:
1) A after receiving the file isn't aware of the changes made to 
the code.

2) The source of truth previously held by either of the parties A
or B needs to be held or deleted.. we will look at it later on 

3) In case the party B recognises he has made a mistake in the code
it wont be reflected in the code which is with A

4) A will have to hand over the pen-drive back to B and to and fro
continues until the project cycle ends.

5) Both the parties A and B have to wait until they get handed 
over the pendrive.

6) If not so and they tend to make updates on their own, it may 
lead to merge conflicts and out of sync issues

7) No collaboration exists.

Not coding at the same time leads to issues so the pendrive is 
passed..

8) The number of people increase



The issues are now of Changes made
and the other is of collaboration






For this suppose we have made a code tracker, it tracks changes**
Once installed on the pendrive it keeps track of the changes made 
by A, B and C.
Now the changes can be reverted in case there is an issue.
This doesnt resolve the collaboration issue


For this we need something that is a single source of truth and 
everyone has access to it...

The Code tracker initially installed on a pendrive is now moved
to that single source of truth that is the...server as we say

So the server resolves collaboration 
where as the code tracker resolves the issue of tracking the changes

So now git is the tracker and github is essentially the server 
hosting git 

We have other stuff like github, bitbucket, git lab, git tea, 
our domain-> These are all those that host git, git is actually 
a version control system 

Can git be used locally -> YES

Using git locally -> helps track code changes as of today
Git was made essentially for local changes.

We have other alternatives as well like mercurial, subversion etc as well

VCS Remote or Remote is Github, aws code commit, git tea, bit bucket

VCS is Git 